1. Remove tax from cart page calculation.

2. Add add-to cart icon insted of word "cart"

3.same fort-family i want in my full e-commecer templete

4.Add one more category section above product section in index page. 
  * category list is 
     1. Rings, 
     2.nackles
     3. Braclets
     4.Earrings, 
     5. Mangalsutra. 

5. in product section  already filering is working , but i noticeed that card size is not same when product count is 1 , or 2 
   so i wamt fix size of all card no matter how many product for that category. 


 6. Every card have reiews calcluation dydnamivally,  if current prodct over all review is 3.7 and now i add one more user review for that product so as per overall review should be changes dynamiclaly using js . 

 7. i want an star rating & description so when user click the submit button it will goes to whatsapp direct with product rating & desctiption & some product details. 

 8. Same whatsapp flow i want for add-to card page too. when user goes to add -to-cart page , & they click to button " proceed & inquiry in whatsapp ". 
    so it will goes to directly in whatspp, with an one succes mesage & product details. 

9. In footer i want an icons of social media insted of text.  also it should redirect to the that page. 
10. i want to show indian currency in every where in site. 

11.in product detsil view po-up i want an table struture which is including product highlights & additional details 
Formate i wantis 
Product Highlights section. 
 * Ocasioan             Western Casual
 * Sizing               Non-adjutable
 * Planting             Gold Plated
 * Product height       3 

 Additional details
Name : Trendy and Stylish gold plated mangalsutra

Base Metal : Alloy

Plating : Gold Plated

Stone Type : Cubic Zirconia/American Diamond

Sizing : Non-Adjustable

Type : Single Strand Mangalsutra

Net Quantity (N) : 1

Sizes : Free Size (Length Size: 20 in)

 

Trendy and stylish gold plated mangalsutra gives you an elegant look.

perfect for any occasion.

it also light weight, looks simple.

perfect for gifting.

Country of Origin : India

Add to cart button with quntity minus/plus 
-> i want to add auto slider in view details pop-up

12. See the about.html page i want modify that page .
13 . in contact page , shhot a mail in send button click.  